README.md, before:

Overview
========
Sytyc is a web-based problem database with a compiler on the server side.

A list of problems is presented to the user, from which they can pick a
problem to work on, and submit their source code. The code is (unsafely)
compiled server-side, and the result is then printed back onto the web
page. Kudos is given when the program computes the correct results.

Github repository: https://github.com/SpaXe/Sytyc

Credits
-------
Author: Xavier Ho contact@xavierho.com

Supervisor: Andrew Rock a.rock@griffith.edu.au

And other Functional Programming classmates.

Installation & Usage
--------------------
@TODO

Dependencies
------------
Haskell dependencies:
  * GHC version >= 7.0.3. As of Feb 2011, the official Haskell Platform 
  supports GHC 7.0.3. Sytyc was compiled against the GHC libraries.
  * pandoc-1.8
  * missingH-1.1.0.3

Server dependencies:
  * Apache, or other server programs that support CGI.

Other dependencies:
  * Java SDK SE 6
  * MaSH compiler http://www.ict.griffith.edu.au/arock/MaSH/index.html

Customisation
-------------
@TODO

License
-------
Sytyc by Xavier Ho is licensed under
Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License.
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/

Commit message:

Added a note about Sytyc not being thread-safe.

README.md, after:

Overview
========
Sytyc is a web-based problem database with a compiler on the server side.

A list of problems is presented to the user, from which they can pick a
problem to work on, and submit their source code. The code is (unsafely)
compiled server-side, and the result is then printed back onto the web
page. Kudos is given when the program computes the correct results.

Github repository: https://github.com/SpaXe/Sytyc

Credits
-------
Author: Xavier Ho contact@xavierho.com

Supervisor: Andrew Rock a.rock@griffith.edu.au

And other Functional Programming classmates.

Installation & Usage
--------------------
@TODO

Sytyc is not thread-safe. You should not compile and run it with -thread flag.

Dependencies
------------
Haskell dependencies:
  * GHC version >= 7.0.3. As of Feb 2011, the official Haskell Platform 
  supports GHC 7.0.3. Sytyc was compiled against the GHC libraries.
  * pandoc-1.8
  * missingH-1.1.0.3

Server dependencies:
  * Apache, or other server programs that support CGI.

Other dependencies:
  * Java SDK SE 6
  * MaSH compiler http://www.ict.griffith.edu.au/arock/MaSH/index.html

Customisation
-------------
@TODO

License
-------
Sytyc by Xavier Ho is licensed under
Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License.
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/
